calendar system

Create a database named calender by using below mysql commands.

   mysql > CREATE DATABASE calender;

Then import calender/database_scripts/calender.sql.

   mysql -u root -p calender < calender.sql 

Note: User has to add the mysql extention (for Windows, php_mysql.dll and for linux, mysql.so). 

Start with the login_client.php.

Consist of basic functionalities which user can do with a calendar.
Basic functionalities:

1. First of all user has to log in to the system by entering userID and password. If the user is not a already registered user
then user has to register with system. After registering he will get a UserID. Then now he can enter to the system by entering
the provided UserID and password. If the user information is correct then the user will be directed to the calendar system and session will be started.

2. Then it will Display the calendar with days related to the specific month and year.And the current day will be highlighted.
User can move through the months of a year. Every week of a year has given a specific number and those numbers are appearing 
in the left side buttons near to the specific week. 

3. User can add events for specific days of a month by clicking on 'Create Event' link. Here there are some fields for the user
to fill. User has to add the event information.

* year->Specific year of the event.(ex:2007)
* Week->Specific week of the year.(ex: 49)
* Event time-> Specific time of the event(ex: 4am)
* Day Of the week-> specific day of the event(ex: Sunday)

Then click on save buttion. When user go back to the calender and click on the specific week of the event, user can see the added event within the table.

4. User can update events by clicking 'Update Event' link. The information has to enter same as the above scenario and user can see the
changes by clicking the specific week in the calendar. 

5. User can also delete a event by clicking 'Delete Event' link. The information has to enter same as the above scenario and deleted 
events will no longer appear in the system. 


